# CS5510_HW1_MembershipInferenceAttacks
Testing and Documenting membership inference attacks on example datasets

1) Carry out your attack and experiments in the following steps:
(a) Write a function reconstruction attack(data pub,predicates,answers) that takes as
input data pub, a DataFrame restricted to public columns, a list predicates of predicates
on the public attributes, and a list of (possibly approximate) answers to the queries, and
returns an attempted reconstruction of the sensitive (result) column as an array of boolean
values of length n, where n is the number of rows in data pub. Test your attack against
data using 2n random queries generated by make random predicate and answered by
execute queries exact. It should, with high probability, reconstruct all of the sensitive
bits correctly.
(b) Implement the following defenses by modifying execute subsetsums exact:
i. execute subsetsums round(R,predicates): round each result to the nearest multiple
of R.
ii. execute subsetsums noise(sigma,predicates): add independent Gaussian noise of
mean zero and variance σ
2
to each result.
iii. execute subsetsums sample(t,predicates): given a parameter t ∈ {1, . . . , n}, randomly subsample a set T consisting of t out of the n rows and calculate all of the
answers using only the rows in T (scaling up answers by a factor of n/t).
(c) Finally, run experiments on how your attack performs against the three defenses above.
i. Create functions to compute the accuracy of the answers returned by each of the
execute subsetsums * functions (root-mean-squared-error between answers and exact
values) and success of the attack (average fraction of values resulti that are successfully reconstructed).
ii. Vary parameters R, σ, and t as integers from 1 to n. For each parameter setting,
run 10 experiments with fresh randomness and plot the averages of the accuracy and
reconstruction success fractions.
iii. Compare the trade-off between accuracy and success of the attack. Make sure to identify the regime where your attack transitions from near-perfect reconstruction (fraction
close to 1) to failed reconstruction (fraction reconstructed is no higher than the proportion of the majority value).
2. A Bayesian Interpretation of MIAs
In formulating MIAs as frequentist hypothesis tests, we condition on Alice either being in or not
in the dataset. In a Bayesian formulation, we might instead assume that the adversary has a
prior belief that Alice is in the dataset with some probability p. A convenient measure of the
adversary’s belief is the odds Oprior = p/(1 − p), which tends to ∞ as the certainty that Alice is
in the dataset increases and tends to 0 as it decreases.
(a) Suppose an attacker carries out a Membership Inference Attack on Alice and receives an
“In” result. Let Opost be the odds corresponding to Alice’s belief conditioned on “In” result
from the MIA. Write a formula for Opost in terms of Oprior and the TPR and FPR of the
MIA (on the same data distribution).
(b) Using your formula, briefly discuss (in a sentence or two) the significance of having a very
small FPR, even when the TPR is very large (e.g. TPR=1).
